---
title: 'almost the weekend'
date: 2009-02-12 19:58:03
draft: false
description: ''
tags: ['life']
author: 'Andrew'
---

Sitting here reminiscing on the week gone past it's safe to say that I'm knackered. Marion's parents came to visit us (their first time to the new house) Friday to Tuesday. We visited London and Windsor and Reading. My Parents got to meet Marion's parents, they got to meet my brother. Full action packed weekend! **Sat:** Wow what a hang-over. Last night spent wishing Keryn a farewell, we went to Oakford Social Club then Purple Turtle. Too much drink in too short a time, Sat morning was difficult! Trains to Oxford replaced by bus so had to re-think and decided on Windsor instead. Brilliant bright blue sunny day, bloody cold though. Took the train and arrived at lunchtime and walked around, then out into Windsor Great Park along the Great Walk. Back towards town and a late lunch in any pub we could find. More shops to see and then back to see my Parents in Sandhurst. This the first time all 4 of them were together (last summer Marion's Mum met my parents) and it was a delicious evening, with lots of food and great company. To finish off we played Arsehole (or trou-du-cul), then skated on ice home. **Sun:** We walked around the sights of Reading (along the river and through town, stopping off at the excellent [Picnic](http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/picnic-foods-reading 'Picnic (Reading)') for some warm soup (it was bloody raining and freezing outside). My [brother](http://www.rob-hudson.com/ 'My Brother')also came to have a cuppa and meet the parents on Sunday too. In the eve we had take-away curry and watched "Breakfast at Tiffanys". **Mon:** A day to see London. A very wet day not to venture out of the house unless totally necessary. No choice but to brave the conditions and go into London. First stop was the [Tate Modern](http://www.tate.org.uk/modern/ 'Tate Modern') although I'd seen the normal exhibitions before it was good to go again, to see the strange weird and demenous paintings. I love the Tate Modern! Lunch in a pub by the river then walked towards Covent Garden along Fleet Street and into the Twinnings shop. We also took in Ben's Cookies, China Town, Leicester Square and then finally, made it back to the train towards home. Knackered and cold. More curry and "A Life of Brian" for more britanica for our foreign guests. What a fantastic weekend!
