---
title: 'bloody marvelous'
date: 2007-03-04 21:25:59
draft: false
description: ''
tags: ['life']
author: 'Andrew'
---

okay, shit this is the second time I have sat down to write this post. the first was wiped out accidentally (my fault) when I re-booted following a software install (finally succumbed to the charms of wmp11; when i get vista - a big WHEN due to Dell's lack of speed on the upgrade issue - i will have to have wmp11 so i'm getting used to it sooner rather than later. ho-hum). Shit bricks. Last night there was a lunar eclipse (i.e. Sun :: Earth:: Moon) the only light that gets to the moon is filtered through the Earth's atmosphere so it is often a different colour than usual, last night the moon was "blood red". In times gone, way back when people didn't have tvs and internet,,, before football was invented, before electricity, etc... talking hundreds of years (possibly!) here, people believed that the "blood moon" was a signifier of forthcoming death, destruction and chaos. What did they know? Choon in for more (possibly apocalyptic) updates. Football: yesterday I went to the pub (the White Swan in Sandhurst) to watch the Liverpool vs. Manchester United lunchtime premiership game. ManU looked like they were going to get spanked but, thanks to a few kind refereeing decisions and a fortunate late late goal by John O'Shea, we walked away (except for Rooney who kinda hobbled away thanks to a Carragher studding) with all three points and a short-lived 12pt lead at the top of the premiership table over the southern london russian scum Chelsea. In the evening kick-off Portsmouth were beaten 2-0 by above mentioned scum taking the lead down to 9pts with Chelski now having played 1 game less than United. Reading (my "local" team) were beaten by the Scum of Arsenal 2-1. I'm going to see Reading again\* in 2 weeks when they play Pompey (Portsmouth) at the Majeski (home). \*I say "see reading "again"" because I saw them last week in the 5th-round FA Cup replay against Manchester United. Reading went 3-0 down inside 7 minutes. They could have wilted and got beaten by a much larger score but no, they stuck in and got reorganised and set about slowly beginning the massive task of trying to score at least three goals. They almost did it, thanks to their perseverence and ManU's lack of concentration, losing 3-2. The atmosphere at the Majeski was tremendous and it was an excellent game, very exciting, but it was a shame that Reading were asleep for the first 7 minutes. ManU now go through to the quarter-finals and face M'bro away on the 10th of March.
