---
title: 'First Training Runs with Forerunner 405'
date: 2010-06-24 07:34:31
draft: false
description: ''
tags: ['GR20', 'Running']
author: 'Andrew'
---

For our 3-year anniversary Marion gave me a Garmin Forerunner 405 which is a running/cycling watch with GPS and heart rate. While out running it gives you pace information, you can train against a virtual partner, and see which [Heart Rate Zone](http://www.brianmac.co.uk/hrm1.htm 'Heart Rate Zones Explained') you are in. So far I have used it twice as you can see below. We are going to do [Corsica's GR20](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GR20 'GR20 - Corsica') this August/September. Rumoured to be the hardest toughest long-distance path in the world, this is something that we've been dreaming of since we started going out 3 years ago. We've booked the flights to Corsica and now the training begins! [First Training Run](http://connect.garmin.com/activity/37915229 '[Canal - Weir]') - running at lunchtime is great in that you can go while you are full of energy but our shower at work is in a small room with no air extraction and on a hot day like this I was hotter and wetter after the shower than before. This route was one that I have done plenty of times before and is one of the shortest. The day was hot and sunny and as this was my first run since May 10th I wanted a short route. [Second Training Run](http://connect.garmin.com/activity/37915226 '[Canal - Second Power Lines]') - aiming to stay under 70% of max-HR (Heart Rate) I'm still really unfit so I couldn't keep my HR below 90% for any time - without resorting to walking - so I ran slow enough and stayed at approx 90% for the entire run. The day was hot and sunny but compared to the run on Monday I was able to enjoy running and the fantastic day, look at the scenery along the canal. I am amazed at all the stats that the watch/computer gives me and you can upload the routes to the Garmin Connect website where you can see your route on google maps, see all the heart rate/pace/time information as well as calories burnt, elevation climbed/descended, and more. I will keep on training with the watch and post the results here.
