---
title: 'ill Ill ILL'
date: 2007-01-26 18:04:38
draft: false
description: ''
tags: ['life']
author: 'Andrew'
---

Hillow, its Friday evening and I am at home ill as painfully and pitifully as can be. Two days of non-stop sleep and I'm getting bloody tired of it. Notice the new theme, much improvement upon the last ones but not 100% liking everything it offers. Expect changes;) Last weekend I was in Cambridge and had a wonderful time! I love the town and have excellent memories of it, I met the most wonderful and enchanting clever and amazing people, but I had to move away for good doesn't last forever and one has to experience different places, meet different people and so on... Gyu-Hyun and Lena are still living in my old house, I stayed there 2 nights going into town on Sunday to buy tea from Seoul Plaza (Korean supermarket) brunch at Cafe Carrington and a reflective stroll back along the river Cam before going back into town with Gyu-Hyun to meet up with Christoph and watch the Arsenal vs. Manchester United game at The Avery. The Gunners beat us 2-1. Saturday we went to The Avery to watch Liverpool beat Chelsea 2-0, then to the cinema and watch _Rocky Balboa_ which we thought was bloody entertaining but (surprise surprise) a **little far fetched**. The rest of the week. I went running on Monday, we ran the "River" route and apart from having to walk up one hill (if we ran we would have slipped over because the mud was soo slippery) and I won a sprint finish for second place - Luc having finished a couple of hours before us;) I've watched a couple of DVDs: "Wasabi" and the fantastic "Run Lola Run", and the disgustingly nasty (but excellent nonetheless) "The Proposition" and the sad "Grave of the Fireflies". Gotta go and see _Babel, Blood Diamond,_ and _Notes on a Scandal_. Not to mention the Oscar nominated films that I missed when they were first out in the cinema. This weekend I am lucky to be visited by family (3 cousins and uncle and auntie) from Germany/Belgium (they've just moved from Germany to Belgium). I'll recover from this illness, have my hair cut, go to the shops and also to the cinema. All the Best!
