---
title: 'Reading Half-Marathon'
date: 2009-03-30 18:56:28
draft: false
description: ''
tags: ['life']
author: 'Andrew'
---

That finishing line brings only pain and aching limbs but getting there was first fun then tiring then enduring then exhausting. Still I managed to reach the finish line and before the race, after doing less training than I have ever done before a half-marathon (by a huge margin), I would be happy to reach the finish line. The weather was fantastic. Blue skies, a slight breeze and warm temperature (not too hot). The first 4 miles were good fun, I was enjoying the event and enjoying the music that I was listening to. Not rushing, just keeping myself moving at a standard pace. At 4 miles I needed the loo but there was no toilet until the 10k mark. I kept going as I knew I had to. The atmosphere was amazing, even though I had music in my ears and sunglasses over my eyes I was smiling knowing that there were many many thousands supporting the 16,000+ participants, some making music or holding signs supporting friends family and lovers, others just enjoying the multi-coloured parade of people whooshing past their feet. Anyway, after 10k there was a toilet and afterwards I was much better for a couple of miles before having to stop again at the next stop. After this I knew that I could get to the finish line and collect my medal. I passed close to my house, going past the Nag's Head where they had a table with beer and pork scratchings (a huge cheer went up when someone grabbed a beer, or pork scratchings!). The most difficult part was the long long straight road A33 towards the Stadium (where we were to finish) because you could see the stadium but it took a very long time to appear. Anyway, eventually, it did appear and I made it to the finish line. One Hour fifty-One. The slowest ever that I have run 13.1 miles but not the worst. Considering my poor preparation, and lack of fitness going into the race that's all that I could have possibly hoped for! It was [Marion's](http://www.marionmouttou.co.uk) first ever half-marathon and she completed it and looked rather sexy doing so. Congratulations Marion!
