---
title: 'Update Update Update'
date: 2007-08-02 09:40:22
draft: false
description: ''
tags: ['life']
author: 'Andrew'
---

Yeas so it's been another month of hectic activity. I have great news: I have a girlfriend she's called Marion (hi Marion mon amour!) she's funny sexy clever crazy intelligent excellent cook delightful taste in music always on the move doing something allthetime and she's French...! We went to France on holiday stayed at her parent's place and had an amazing time! Went to the beach almost every day she's from the Med coast so the weather was absolutely mesmeric everyday blue sky sunshine and hot hot temps, met her Bro Aurele who's currently on hols from his uni, met her parents, met Marion's friends went to a wedding and buffet, a party in a huge mansion with family friends, fireworks on the beach, the Tall Ships Race (from the sea no less!!!) and feasted on amazing French cuisine, fresh fruit every day so got a bit of a paunch. Went running twice along a cycle path that runs for 40+km from her city, in the evenings around 8 when it was cool enough with shade and some wind. First day ran with Marion on in-line skates for 30 mins: 15 there and 15 back. The second time I went solo and slower and further, for 40 mins with music (Pheroahe Monche) on the mp3. Went to Castallet, drove up Mount Feron spectacular sunset views of Toulon. Many many fotographs to follow!!! After getting back from France finding England under ten thousand meters of water, finding that my bro spent 28 hours stranded by the water on the way from his home to London (he didn't make it) in a pub, after the shocks of the drug use in this year's Tour de France (Vino used to be my hero, what a fucking idiot he is) I went to my auntie's wedding in Norfolk. I'd agreed to take some fotographs at the wedding so was a bit strange not being able to get totally drunk straight off;) But there was plenty of free champagne floating around so we got there in the end! The event was relatively lo-key with all the family (ten thousand of us) and some of their friends. The location was great, in an old stately home that is currently being renovated into a hotel, after the dancing (my auntie K and her husband K met at dancing classes!) my cousins, uncle and I found that there was a tango evening on still (this being really late in the night) and my two cousins Roberta and Fiona were asked to join in. Neither had done any tango before but they were really good, especially Fi who'd done dance before. The next day was horrific, hungover and feeling dead i had to get out in the air kick a footie around for a while before getting in the car with my uncle Alastair for the longest drive in the world all the way back home, through vicous rain and eventually to sunshine. Running: Mon 16.07 30 mins \*route unknown\*. 2 times in France. Since being back in England: Tue 31.07 I did a hilly 27 minute run around the local streets of Sandhurst and Crowthorne. Wed 01.08 I did the Broadmoor and Devil's highway route in 43 mins in hot hot 11am heat.
