---
title: 'while it rains I run'
date: 2007-05-14 19:32:37
draft: false
description: ''
tags: ['life']
author: 'Andrew'
---

Last week. After work on Thursday went back to Marion's house and we cooked something fantastic with veg, prawns and Quinoa before going to see "Letters from Iwo Jima" at the cinema. Wow i really liked this film, much better from the Japanese perspective and really fealt empathy for the characters. They knew they were going to die, but how they dealt with this knowledge was quite heroic. Very moving, especially the radio message from Nagasaki, and full of wonderful moments. Marion's housemates are great fun, little wacky and love to have fun. Watched some music videos including... Gym Class Heroes "Cupid's Chokehold" which for 5 days has been bloody amazing... I've always got it on, making my ears bleed now but.!. Friday: went running at lunchtime. "River" in 30-35 mins. Shite hot. Thought this route is 6 miles. Should we always believe the factss we are told? If so, bloody shit hot!!! Went out in Reading in the evening: Alejandro, Cesar, Marielle, Joanne, Dominika, Laura, and I. Started in Rising Sun, moved to other pub and got very merry, before going to Iguana Bar and rocking the dance floor! Shiet. Hungover bad on Sat am. Had agreed to goto Unk Stu's for lunch with Mum. So had to gouge my brain into shape and go out then. Nice lunch. Took it easy on Sat eve: watched "Russian Dolls" which is the sequal to "Pot Luck" and although great second half no way near the original. Sun: horrible weather so had long lie-in. Went to cinema to see "The Lives of Others", then went running in the evening: ["Muddy Lane Lakes"](http://www.gmap-pedometer.com/?r=953798) 7.23 miles in 52 mins and got thoroughly soaked to the skin. After dinner I watched half of "Casino Royale" the 2006 James Bond film, then retired knackered to bed. Running: Monday (today): another rain-fest, I did "Walters Wood" solo, there was only Paul and I out running today, everyone else too skimpy to go running in the rain. Paul did another route.
